README.md, before:

# Better Unit System

## The need for a new unit system
Many awesome unit systems for describing physical quantities already exist, but they all have their disadvantages<sup>[Citation needed](https://xkcd.com/285/)</sup>.

As the most important example, [the SI system was ruined in the 2019 redefinition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019_redefinition_of_the_SI_base_units). Nothing wrong with setting natural constants to specific values, but if you want to do thath, you don't take an approximation of a measured value from the old version of the system. You give the constant some sensible value, like exactly 1 of some unit.

Another important example, and a big inspiration for the present proposal is the [FFF system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FFF_system). However, it is quite limited and doesn't seem to have any official organization behind it for extensions and revisions. Thus, it is stagnant.

In addition, there are many great units that are not part of any consistent system, most importantly the [banana equivalent dose or BED](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana_equivalent_dose).

For these reasons, and any you might add, the **Better Unit System** is hereby presented.

## The base units
|Name     |Symbol     |Measure                                             |Value in SI and/or other                                                                              |
|---------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|boltzmann|z          |entropy                                             |1.380649×10<sup>-23</sup> m<sup>2</sup>⋅kg⋅s<sup>-2</sup>⋅K<sup>-1</sup>                              |
|bed      |d          |radiation exposure / speed squared (for some reason)|9.82×10<sup>-8</sup> m<sup>2</sup>⋅s<sup>-2</sup>                                                     |
|barrel   |e          |volume                                              |approximately 0.15899 m <sup>3</sup>                                                                  |
|bar      |r          |pressure                                            |10<sup>5</sup> kg⋅m<sup>-1</sup>⋅s<sup>-2</sup>                                                       |
|bermit   |t          |permittivity                                        |approximately 8.8541878128×10<sup>-12</sup> s<sup>4</sup>⋅A<sup>2</sup>⋅m<sup>-3</sup>⋅kg<sup>-1</sup>|
|bunch    |h          |amount of substance                                 |approximately 1.66053917×10<sup>-9</sup> mol, exactly one billiard particles                          |
|bulb     |l          |luminous efficacy                                   |10.4 cd⋅s<sup>3</sup>⋅sr⋅kg<sup>-1</sup>⋅m<sup>-2</sup>                                               |
|borogove |g          |mimsiness                                           |just enough for brillig                                                                               |
|bulge    |owo        |arousal                                             |What's this?                                                                                          |

## Some derived units
To be added in a later revision.

## Values for some physical constants
To be added in a later revision.

## Disclaimers
The Better Unit System is subject to arbitrary revisions from any self-appointed member of the Better Committee for Weights and Measures. It is licensed under the [*Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License* (WTFPL)](http://www.wtfpl.net/).

Commit message:

Define barefoot, batman and bittoolong.

README.md, after:

# Better Unit System

## The need for a new unit system
Many awesome unit systems for describing physical quantities already exist, but they all have their disadvantages<sup>[Citation needed](https://xkcd.com/285/)</sup>.

As the most important example, [the SI system was ruined in the 2019 redefinition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2019_redefinition_of_the_SI_base_units). Nothing wrong with setting natural constants to specific values, but if you want to do thath, you don't take an approximation of a measured value from the old version of the system. You give the constant some sensible value, like exactly 1 of some unit.

Another important example, and a big inspiration for the present proposal is the [FFF system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FFF_system). However, it is quite limited and doesn't seem to have any official organization behind it for extensions and revisions. Thus, it is stagnant.

In addition, there are many great units that are not part of any consistent system, most importantly the [banana equivalent dose or BED](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana_equivalent_dose).

For these reasons, and any you might add, the **Better Unit System** is hereby presented.

## The base units
|Name     |Symbol     |Measure                                             |Value in SI and/or other                                                                              |
|---------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
|boltzmann|z          |entropy                                             |1.380649×10<sup>-23</sup> m<sup>2</sup>⋅kg⋅s<sup>-2</sup>⋅K<sup>-1</sup>                              |
|bed      |d          |radiation exposure / speed squared (for some reason)|9.82×10<sup>-8</sup> m<sup>2</sup>⋅s<sup>-2</sup>                                                     |
|barrel   |e          |volume                                              |approximately 0.15899 m<sup>3</sup>                                                                  |
|bar      |r          |pressure                                            |10<sup>5</sup> kg⋅m<sup>-1</sup>⋅s<sup>-2</sup>                                                       |
|bermit   |t          |permittivity                                        |approximately 8.8541878128×10<sup>-12</sup> s<sup>4</sup>⋅A<sup>2</sup>⋅m<sup>-3</sup>⋅kg<sup>-1</sup>|
|bunch    |h          |amount of substance                                 |approximately 1.66053917×10<sup>-9</sup> mol, exactly one billiard particles                          |
|bulb     |l          |luminous efficacy                                   |10.4 cd⋅s<sup>3</sup>⋅sr⋅kg<sup>-1</sup>⋅m<sup>-2</sup>                                               |
|borogove |g          |mimsiness                                           |just enough for brillig                                                                               |
|bulge    |owo        |arousal                                             |What's this?                                                                                          |

## Some derived units
The first step must be defining units corresponding to the dimensions of each SI base unit, just to show all the sceptics that this is an actually functional system.

We will start with length. It is simply the cubic root of volume, so the unit has the form e<sup>1/3</sup>. This unit is called barefoot (rft). Converted to SI, 1 rft ≈ 0.54174 m.

Next comes mass. Naturally, we get one by multiplying pressure with volume and dividing by radiation exposure. That is, the value for a unit of mass is r⋅e⋅d<sup>-1</sup>. According to a fine Middle Eastern tradition, the unit shall be named batman, with symbol t. In SI, 1 t ≈ 162000000000 kg.

Following similar logic, the unit for time has the form e<sup>1/3</sup>⋅d<sup>-1/2</sup>. It is called bittoolong (ttl). 1 ttl ≈ 1728 s, or about half an hour.

More to be added in a later revision.

## Values for some physical constants
To be added in a later revision.

## Disclaimers
The Better Unit System is subject to arbitrary revisions from any self-appointed member of the Better Committee for Weights and Measures. It is licensed under the [*Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License* (WTFPL)](http://www.wtfpl.net/).
